Module agntcy_acp.acp_v0.async_client.api_client
================================================
Agent Connect Protocol

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

The version of the OpenAPI document: 0.2.1
Generated by OpenAPI Generator (https://openapi-generator.tech)

Do not edit the class manually.

Classes
-------

`ApiClient(configuration=None, header_name=None, header_value=None, cookie=None)`
:   Generic API client for OpenAPI client library builds.
    
    OpenAPI generic API client. This client handles the client-
    server communication, and is invariant across implementations. Specifics of
    the methods and models for each application are generated from the OpenAPI
    templates.
    
    :param configuration: .Configuration object for this client
    :param header_name: a header to pass when making calls to the API.
    :param header_value: a header value to pass when making calls to
        the API.
    :param cookie: a cookie to include in the header when making calls
        to the API

    ### Class variables

    `NATIVE_TYPES_MAPPING`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `PRIMITIVE_TYPES`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    ### Static methods

    `get_default()`
    :   Return new instance of ApiClient.
        
        This method returns newly created, based on default constructor,
        object of ApiClient class or returns a copy of default
        ApiClient.
        
        :return: The ApiClient object.

    `set_default(default)`
    :   Set default instance of ApiClient.
        
        It stores default ApiClient.
        
        :param default: object of ApiClient.

    ### Instance variables

    `user_agent`
    :   User agent for this API client

    ### Methods

    `call_api(self, method, url, header_params=None, body=None, post_params=None) ‑> agntcy_acp.acp_v0.async_client.rest.RESTResponse`
    :   Makes the HTTP request (synchronous)
        :param method: Method to call.
        :param url: Path to method endpoint.
        :param header_params: Header parameters to be
            placed in the request header.
        :param body: Request body.
        :param post_params dict: Request post form parameters,
            for `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`, `multipart/form-data`.
        :param _request_timeout: timeout setting for this request.
        :return: RESTResponse

    `close(self)`
    :

    `deserialize(self, response_text: str, response_type: str, content_type: str | None)`
    :   Deserializes response into an object.
        
        :param response: RESTResponse object to be deserialized.
        :param response_type: class literal for
            deserialized object, or string of class name.
        :param content_type: content type of response.
        
        :return: deserialized object.

    `files_parameters(self, files: Dict[str, str | bytes | List[str] | List[bytes] | Tuple[str, bytes]])`
    :   Builds form parameters.
        
        :param files: File parameters.
        :return: Form parameters with files.

    `param_serialize(self, method, resource_path, path_params=None, query_params=None, header_params=None, body=None, post_params=None, files=None, auth_settings=None, collection_formats=None) ‑> Tuple[str, str, Dict[str, str], str | None, List[str]]`
    :   Builds the HTTP request params needed by the request.
        :param method: Method to call.
        :param resource_path: Path to method endpoint.
        :param path_params: Path parameters in the url.
        :param query_params: Query parameters in the url.
        :param header_params: Header parameters to be
            placed in the request header.
        :param body: Request body.
        :param post_params dict: Request post form parameters,
            for `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`, `multipart/form-data`.
        :param auth_settings list: Auth Settings names for the request.
        :param files dict: key -> filename, value -> filepath,
            for `multipart/form-data`.
        :param collection_formats: dict of collection formats for path, query,
            header, and post parameters.
        :param _request_auth: set to override the auth_settings for an a single
                              request; this effectively ignores the authentication
                              in the spec for a single request.
        :return: tuple of form (path, http_method, query_params, header_params,
            body, post_params, files)

    `parameters_to_tuples(self, params, collection_formats)`
    :   Get parameters as list of tuples, formatting collections.
        
        :param params: Parameters as dict or list of two-tuples
        :param dict collection_formats: Parameter collection formats
        :return: Parameters as list of tuples, collections formatted

    `parameters_to_url_query(self, params, collection_formats)`
    :   Get parameters as list of tuples, formatting collections.
        
        :param params: Parameters as dict or list of two-tuples
        :param dict collection_formats: Parameter collection formats
        :return: URL query string (e.g. a=Hello%20World&b=123)

    `response_deserialize(self, response_data: agntcy_acp.acp_v0.async_client.rest.RESTResponse, response_types_map: Dict[str, ~T] | None = None) ‑> agntcy_acp.acp_v0.api_response.ApiResponse`
    :   Deserializes response into an object.
        :param response_data: RESTResponse object to be deserialized.
        :param response_types_map: dict of response types.
        :return: ApiResponse

    `sanitize_for_serialization(self, obj)`
    :   Builds a JSON POST object.
        
        If obj is None, return None.
        If obj is SecretStr, return obj.get_secret_value()
        If obj is str, int, long, float, bool, return directly.
        If obj is datetime.datetime, datetime.date
            convert to string in iso8601 format.
        If obj is decimal.Decimal return string representation.
        If obj is list, sanitize each element in the list.
        If obj is dict, return the dict.
        If obj is OpenAPI model, return the properties dict.
        
        :param obj: The data to serialize.
        :return: The serialized form of data.

    `select_header_accept(self, accepts: List[str]) ‑> str | None`
    :   Returns `Accept` based on an array of accepts provided.
        
        :param accepts: List of headers.
        :return: Accept (e.g. application/json).

    `select_header_content_type(self, content_types)`
    :   Returns `Content-Type` based on an array of content_types provided.
        
        :param content_types: List of content-types.
        :return: Content-Type (e.g. application/json).

    `set_default_header(self, header_name, header_value)`
    :

    `update_params_for_auth(self, headers, queries, auth_settings, resource_path, method, body, request_auth=None) ‑> None`
    :   Updates header and query params based on authentication setting.
        
        :param headers: Header parameters dict to be updated.
        :param queries: Query parameters tuple list to be updated.
        :param auth_settings: Authentication setting identifiers list.
        :resource_path: A string representation of the HTTP request resource path.
        :method: A string representation of the HTTP request method.
        :body: A object representing the body of the HTTP request.
        The object type is the return value of sanitize_for_serialization().
        :param request_auth: if set, the provided settings will
                             override the token in the configuration.