Module agntcy_acp.acp_v0.async_client.rest
==========================================
Agent Connect Protocol

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

The version of the OpenAPI document: 0.2.1
Generated by OpenAPI Generator (https://openapi-generator.tech)

Do not edit the class manually.

Classes
-------

`RESTClientObject(configuration)`
:   

    ### Methods

    `close(self) ‑> None`
    :

    `request(self, method, url, headers=None, body=None, post_params=None)`
    :   Execute request
        
        :param method: http request method
        :param url: http request url
        :param headers: http request headers
        :param body: request json body, for `application/json`
        :param post_params: request post parameters,
                            `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`
                            and `multipart/form-data`
        :param _request_timeout: timeout setting for this request. If one
                                 number provided, it will be total request
                                 timeout. It can also be a pair (tuple) of
                                 (connection, read) timeouts.

`RESTResponse(resp)`
:   The abstract base class for all I/O classes.
    
    This class provides dummy implementations for many methods that
    derived classes can override selectively; the default implementations
    represent a file that cannot be read, written or seeked.
    
    Even though IOBase does not declare read, readinto, or write because
    their signatures will vary, implementations and clients should
    consider those methods part of the interface. Also, implementations
    may raise UnsupportedOperation when operations they do not support are
    called.
    
    The basic type used for binary data read from or written to a file is
    bytes. Other bytes-like objects are accepted as method arguments too.
    In some cases (such as readinto), a writable object is required. Text
    I/O classes work with str data.
    
    Note that calling any method (except additional calls to close(),
    which are ignored) on a closed stream should raise a ValueError.
    
    IOBase (and its subclasses) support the iterator protocol, meaning
    that an IOBase object can be iterated over yielding the lines in a
    stream.
    
    IOBase also supports the :keyword:`with` statement. In this example,
    fp is closed after the suite of the with statement is complete:
    
    with open('spam.txt', 'r') as fp:
        fp.write('Spam and eggs!')

    ### Ancestors (in MRO)

    * io.IOBase
    * _io._IOBase

    ### Methods

    `getheader(self, name, default=None)`
    :   Returns a given response header.

    `getheaders(self)`
    :   Returns a CIMultiDictProxy of the response headers.

    `read(self)`
    :