Module agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.custom_run_result_update
========================================================
Agent Connect Protocol

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

The version of the OpenAPI document: 0.2.1
Generated by OpenAPI Generator (https://openapi-generator.tech)

Do not edit the class manually.

Classes
-------

`CustomRunResultUpdate(**data: Any)`
:   Object holding a custom defined update of the agent result during streaming.
    
    Create a new model by parsing and validating input data from keyword arguments.
    
    Raises [`ValidationError`][pydantic_core.ValidationError] if the input data cannot be
    validated to form a valid model.
    
    `self` is explicitly positional-only to allow `self` as a field name.

    ### Ancestors (in MRO)

    * pydantic.main.BaseModel

    ### Class variables

    `model_config`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `run_id: str | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `status: agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.run_status.RunStatus`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `type: str`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `update: Dict[str, Any]`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    ### Static methods

    `from_dict(obj: Optional[Dict[str, Any]]) ‑> Self | None`
    :   Create an instance of CustomRunResultUpdate from a dict

    `from_json(json_str: str) ‑> Self | None`
    :   Create an instance of CustomRunResultUpdate from a JSON string

    `type_validate_enum(value)`
    :   Validates the enum

    ### Methods

    `to_dict(self) ‑> Dict[str, Any]`
    :   Return the dictionary representation of the model using alias.
        
        This has the following differences from calling pydantic's
        `self.model_dump(by_alias=True)`:
        
        * `None` is only added to the output dict for nullable fields that
          were set at model initialization. Other fields with value `None`
          are ignored.

    `to_json(self) ‑> str`
    :   Returns the JSON representation of the model using alias

    `to_str(self) ‑> str`
    :   Returns the string representation of the model using alias