Module agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.run_create
==========================================
Agent Connect Protocol

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

The version of the OpenAPI document: 0.2.1
Generated by OpenAPI Generator (https://openapi-generator.tech)

Do not edit the class manually.

Classes
-------

`RunCreate(**data: Any)`
:   Payload for creating a run.
    
    Create a new model by parsing and validating input data from keyword arguments.
    
    Raises [`ValidationError`][pydantic_core.ValidationError] if the input data cannot be
    validated to form a valid model.
    
    `self` is explicitly positional-only to allow `self` as a field name.

    ### Ancestors (in MRO)

    * pydantic.main.BaseModel

    ### Class variables

    `after_seconds: int | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `agent_id: str | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `config: agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.config.Config | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `input: Dict[str, Any] | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `metadata: Dict[str, Any] | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `model_config`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `multitask_strategy: str | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `on_disconnect: str | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `stream_mode: agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.stream_mode.StreamMode | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `webhook: str | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    ### Static methods

    `from_dict(obj: Optional[Dict[str, Any]]) ‑> Self | None`
    :   Create an instance of RunCreate from a dict

    `from_json(json_str: str) ‑> Self | None`
    :   Create an instance of RunCreate from a JSON string

    `multitask_strategy_validate_enum(value)`
    :   Validates the enum

    `on_disconnect_validate_enum(value)`
    :   Validates the enum

    ### Methods

    `to_dict(self) ‑> Dict[str, Any]`
    :   Return the dictionary representation of the model using alias.
        
        This has the following differences from calling pydantic's
        `self.model_dump(by_alias=True)`:
        
        * `None` is only added to the output dict for nullable fields that
          were set at model initialization. Other fields with value `None`
          are ignored.

    `to_json(self) ‑> str`
    :   Returns the JSON representation of the model using alias

    `to_str(self) ‑> str`
    :   Returns the string representation of the model using alias