Module agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.stream_mode
===========================================
Agent Connect Protocol

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

The version of the OpenAPI document: 0.2.1
Generated by OpenAPI Generator (https://openapi-generator.tech)

Do not edit the class manually.

Classes
-------

`StreamMode(*args, **kwargs)`
:   If populated, indicates that the client requests to stream results with the specified streaming mode(s). The requested streaming mode(s) must be one or more of those supported by the agent as declared in agent ACP descriptor  under `specs.capabilities`
    
    Create a new model by parsing and validating input data from keyword arguments.
    
    Raises [`ValidationError`][pydantic_core.ValidationError] if the input data cannot be
    validated to form a valid model.
    
    `self` is explicitly positional-only to allow `self` as a field name.

    ### Ancestors (in MRO)

    * pydantic.main.BaseModel

    ### Class variables

    `actual_instance: Any`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `any_of_schemas: Set[str]`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `anyof_schema_1_validator: List[agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.streaming_mode.StreamingMode] | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `anyof_schema_2_validator: agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.streaming_mode.StreamingMode | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `model_config`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    ### Static methods

    `actual_instance_must_validate_anyof(v)`
    :

    `from_dict(obj: Dict[str, Any]) ‑> Self`
    :

    `from_json(json_str: str) ‑> Self`
    :   Returns the object represented by the json string

    ### Methods

    `to_dict(self) ‑> Dict[str, Any] | List[agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.streaming_mode.StreamingMode] | agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.streaming_mode.StreamingMode | None`
    :   Returns the dict representation of the actual instance

    `to_json(self) ‑> str`
    :   Returns the JSON representation of the actual instance

    `to_str(self) ‑> str`
    :   Returns the string representation of the actual instance