Module agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.stream_event_payload
====================================================
Agent Connect Protocol

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

The version of the OpenAPI document: 0.2.1
Generated by OpenAPI Generator (https://openapi-generator.tech)

Do not edit the class manually.

Classes
-------

`StreamEventPayload(*args, **kwargs)`
:   A serialized JSON data structure carried in the SSE event data field. The event can carry either a full `ValueRunResultUpdate`, if streaming mode is `values` or an `CustomRunResultUpdate` if streaming mode is `custom`
    
    Create a new model by parsing and validating input data from keyword arguments.
    
    Raises [`ValidationError`][pydantic_core.ValidationError] if the input data cannot be
    validated to form a valid model.
    
    `self` is explicitly positional-only to allow `self` as a field name.

    ### Ancestors (in MRO)

    * pydantic.main.BaseModel

    ### Class variables

    `actual_instance: agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.custom_run_result_update.CustomRunResultUpdate | agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.value_run_result_update.ValueRunResultUpdate | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `discriminator_value_class_map: Dict[str, str]`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `model_config`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `one_of_schemas: Set[str]`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `oneof_schema_1_validator: agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.value_run_result_update.ValueRunResultUpdate | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    `oneof_schema_2_validator: agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.custom_run_result_update.CustomRunResultUpdate | None`
    :   The type of the None singleton.

    ### Static methods

    `actual_instance_must_validate_oneof(v)`
    :

    `from_dict(obj: Union[str, Dict[str, Any]]) ‑> Self`
    :

    `from_json(json_str: str) ‑> Self`
    :   Returns the object represented by the json string

    ### Methods

    `to_dict(self) ‑> Dict[str, Any] | agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.custom_run_result_update.CustomRunResultUpdate | agntcy_acp.acp_v0.models.value_run_result_update.ValueRunResultUpdate | None`
    :   Returns the dict representation of the actual instance

    `to_json(self) ‑> str`
    :   Returns the JSON representation of the actual instance

    `to_str(self) ‑> str`
    :   Returns the string representation of the actual instance